gh-108494: Argument Clinic: Document how to generate code that uses the limited C API (#108584)
python/cpython: Doc/howto/clinic.rst

   A file to exclude in :option:`--make` mode.
   This option can be given multiple times.

.. option:: --limited

    Use the :ref:`Limited API <limited-c-api>` to parse arguments in the generated C code.

>     See :ref:`How to use the Limited C API <clinic-howto-limited-capi>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    See :ref:`clinic-howto-limited-capi`.
```

Reviewer: The title is implicit from the heading of the anchor.

    #/*[python checksum:...]*/

> How to use the Limited C API

Reviewer: Can you add a Sphinx anchor to the docs, and also update `Misc/NEWS.d/next/Tools-Demos/2023-08-25-22-40-12.gh-issue-108494.4RbDdu.rst` to refer to this howto?

```suggestion
.. _clinic-howto-limited-capi:

How to use the Limited C API
```

----------------------------

If a C source code contains ``#define Py_LIMITED_API``, the generated C code
will use the :ref:`Limited API <limited-c-api>` to parse arguments. Private

> functions are not used in this case and the code parsing arguments can be a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
functions are not used in this case. However, the code parsing arguments can be
```

    #/*[python checksum:...]*/

.. _clinic-howto-limited-capi:

How to use the Limited C API
----------------------------

> If a C source code contains ``#define Py_LIMITED_API``, the generated C code
> will use the :ref:`Limited API <limited-c-api>` to parse arguments. Private
> functions are not used in this case. However, the code parsing arguments can be
> less efficient depending on the parameters (types, number, etc.).

Reviewer 2: The grammar still isn't perfect here. How about this:

```suggestion
If Argument Clinic :term:`input` is located within a C source file
that contains ``#define Py_LIMITED_API``, Argument Clinic will generate C code
that uses the :ref:`Limited API <limited-c-api>` to parse arguments. The
advantage of this is that the generated code will not use private functions.
However, this *can* result in Argument Clinic generating less efficient code
in some cases. The extent of the performance penalty will depend
on the parameters (types, number, etc.).
```

> functions are not used in this case. However the code parsing arguments can be
> a less efficient depending on the parameters (types, number, etc.).

Reviewer 2: grammar fix:

```suggestion
functions are not used in this case. However, the code parsing arguments can be
less efficient depending on the parameters (types, number, etc.).
```
